perf: optimize iteration on nested cache context (#13881)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* [#13802](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/13802) Add --output-document flag to the export CLI command to allow writing genesis state to a file.
* [#13794](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/13794) `types/module.Manager` now supports the
`cosmossdk.io/core/appmodule.AppModule` API via the new `NewManagerFromMap` constructor.

> * [#13881](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/13881) optimize iteration on nested cache context and other operations in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#13881](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/13881) Optimize iteration on nested cached KV stores and other operations in general.
```
